hey everybody welcome back to on the
line plays of mining Isaac after birth
plus blue baby run and you were always
talking about things taking time off of
your life you know were like that exam
took the year off of my life
whatever adds to your life nobody ever
eats a salad and goes like oh that added
like 30 minutes to my life be e91 8pb
probably because we're all aware of the
ever encroaching spectre of death that
haunts us all anyway we have the tonsil
to start with your I believe this is the
tonsil at least it's one of those items
that's relatively new so I usually like
rely on picking it up to know the name
it's a smaller more flesh colored Bob's
brain well that's a little racist isn't
it NL I mean someone could have green
flesh haven't you ever seen the mask or
Shrek for example sure fair enough
Gomorrah out from the guardians of the
galaxy films of course also green skin I
don't know where I'm going with this but
either way what I was going to say is
the blue baby run that we had yesterday
or you know whenever that episode went
up was pretty tough wasn't the hardest
run we've ever had but was pretty tough
for the opening of it at least we went
down a half a spear a tart on the first
floor and I thought for sure we were
going to go down but instead we managed
to actually get kind of like
unbelievably out of control by the end
of it and that's nice but things are
always a little fragile near the start
of the run and that never holds true
more than when you're playing as Judas
here so I love our damage 7.01 damage on
the first floor is ridiculously strong
but we need HP dude jacob's ladder is
also awesome and so is getting a golden
poop but as good as Jacob's Ladder is is
not HP so you know we could have a
hundred damage but if we get hit by a
single champion we're going down in an
early round and the sugar I'm going down
singing is my guess okay that's not
really what I'm looking for either
really what I am looking for is a key
and then if we get a key we can probably
buy a spear at hard
and also have a chance for an arcade on
the next floor anyway but with yeah yeah
that's what was bothering me they're
kind of a scary situation they're our
champions and now the champion is on
fire I can't imagine that's a positive
thing for our situation but look at that
there's a key only an idiot would open
the golden chest here so we're just
joking I almost got you there I could
feel the the fear you know what oh I
hate it why would you do this to me but
we got a second key we got a third key
what I'm thinking is we should actually
go to our boss fight before mmm pardon
me before we go to the shop because
there is an extra heart in here and then
if we get the super excellent shop that
I always love that has two lucky pennies
on it but also has some enemies we won't
be as afraid unless they're champions in
which case we'll die but okay so here's
what you do two minutes forty seconds in
those skype messages for like weeks here
there you go I would think that this is
like there's some statistical sampling
you know bias involved here with the
fact that I get skype messages as soon
as I start Issac episodes but I honestly
don't know that that's true I want to
get PhD here is the thing which is why I
went back but I also want or even need
the spirit heart I don't care so much
about an arcade but I really really care
about survival let's start with PhD it's
more fun we get I can see forever so
that gives us a second secret room
somewhere which we should try to find
before we move on this is good this has
got plenty of time here I really at this
point there's a secret room I'm not
doing you know five eyes together so
right I'm not doing five eyes again
pisode on the average day I'm doing you
know like one two three a day the fact
that I almost always seem to get a
message right after I start is actually
becoming like increasingly mind-boggling
to even myself dude really
a little petty don't you think game
there we go
ooh so there was an enemy super close to
us that died thankfully we got a bomb
perthro
the gods poppet that's huge of course
perthro the gods again also huge haggle
odds not that relevant / throw a was use
a was try to find a black market maybe
and then / throw we don't need to buy a
spear at hard anymore and i don't care
about money apparently there was a
spirit are back in this room that i
totally whipped on so we never needed to
find ourselves in this dangerous place
to begin with I will go back for the
spirit heart it might seem like we don't
need to but keep in mind if we take a
deal with the devil we'll only have two
spirit hearts remaining here so where
the heck was this oh it was in the fire
I didn't even notice and you know what
with one bomb and what do we care about
in arcade we got in no matter we got 2 1
hp and we almost always give away one HP
on the second floor so it's not like
it's liable to become too relevant
afterwards but still the exploration
that we did there helped us out a ton
and we are like in a pretty good spot
here should keep this and we saved our
bomb and it ended up paying very high
dividends for us we didn't get poor
spirit outs out of it we got two spirit
outs out of it I'll take alright I am
NOT suggesting that my colleagues have
nothing better to do than sit around and
oh northern - started playing The
Binding of Isaac rebirth on Steam time
to send them a Skype message what I am
suggesting is that maybe you know they
keep a similar schedule to me and in the
morning they like to take it a little
easy you know drink some coffee catch up
on the days of news and other happens
dances not a huge fan of leo obviously
would have rear old it if I'd known that
it existed in the first place and then
excuse me for spirit arts out of a rock
that I didn't even see was tinted maybe
they see me start to play Isaac and they
go okay it's time to like you know get
down to business time to start my
workday which apparently involves
SkyTeam is I'm not it could also just be
a coincidence I could be miss
attributing it it doesn't happen with
other videos though it's not like I
start to play dead cells and I get a
Skype message I really don't understand
it I think I might be the victim of a
very elaborate prank that is really
completely meaningless but anyway let's
go so the ideal outcome for us here is
very very obvious I think deal with the
devil to guffy items one of them is
inactive leery roll it into a third
guppy item after we take it it's a dream
come true we picked up 11 spirit hearts
in the past you know half of a floor so
I'm pretty positive about that
we got one item it's demon baby but at
least we have precedent and then we got
binky which is really good for our tear
delay and I guess if you want to focus
on the positives we've got the you know
permanent polaroid invincibility already
enabled here well in advance but not
really a huge turn of events for us but
I mean what what do you want me to say
look at this run we got 10.13 damage and
a higher than average rate of fire these
are the kind of runs where you get them
and you go back and watch episodes where
I'd you know die as Judas or say that
Judas is one of the harder characters to
win as and you go what is this guy
talking about well I mean I guess I
would in my own defense I would say
Judas is very easy to win with if you're
looking to get the fastest wind possible
you probably want to give you this a
chance maybe maybe as asel instead that
you get the idea but he's also one of
the easiest characters to lose with if
I'm if I've got a gun to my head you
know with the binding of issac we will
pull the trigger
I'm not taking Judas I'm probably taking
Isaac if I'm being honest even as asel
and get a little spotty from time to
time it wasn't worth doing this but I'm
glad that we at least got the mimic
48-hour energy we won't even really take
advantage of it all but 10.5 sometimes
you know when you're lucky you're lucky
and on this run I think we definitely
fit the bill right
now that's that's that man I mean we can
pretty much just start talking about our
farts for the rest of this episode and
we'll probably be okay but I'm not going
to do that because it's kind of gross I
know it's a human bodily function but
most bodily functions I'd prefer if
people kept them private I guess I'm
approved you know you live long enough
you grow up to see yourself become on
the wrong side of history as opposed I
don't think people should fart in public
if they can avoid it if you have to and
lord knows we've all had some I have a
good feeling about that mushroom up
there but lord knows we've all had some
urgent flatulence situations I wouldn't
doubt that whatsoever experience in
myself you got to do what you got to do
told you um but I think for the most
part you should try to hold it I still
you know we talked about it on the show
and I think probably a slight majority I
like this a slight majority agreed with
me a slight majorities mask we're just
going to head down I said that burping
is gross if you do it in public I agree
because I posited that in the first
place that's right I'm the first person
in history to ever suggest burping is
gross pretty high opinion to myself but
now what I mean is I on the show I said
that I think burping is a little gross
but only if it's a deliberately
exaggerated so stupid I thought we could
make it but I didn't look at the the
geography close enough
only if you exaggerate the birth this is
my opinion because I you know sometimes
on the NL SS my nuance gets lost out of
the interest of trying to be
entertaining I mean I could get down
with having some extra trinkets even
though we got zero trinkets as is right
now if you just if you're you know
drinking a carbonated beverage and you
go like birth then I'm okay that's I'm
not I don't think you're a bad person I
don't think you're a bad person either
way unless you're like bad and then you
say something horribly bigoted you know
but if you like summon using your
diaphragm like 30 gallons of air into
your chest and then you go and you just
like belch it out then I think that is
disgusting yeah it's plus we'll take
this I I don't think dualities all that
in the bag of potato chips very common
phrase the tip with the kids these days
pheromones is just okay world card will
pop um yeah we'll do everything that's
available on this floor we have so much
time like we've sped up like
ridiculously but farts are not the same
because farts always smell almost always
smell at least I know you're good evany
read the song by Outkast I know you like
to thank your don't stank but lean a
little bit closer you'll see roses
really smell like poo poo poo if you
think your farts don't stink you're
probably just used to them you're high
on the smell of your own farts as they'd
like to say I as I like to say but burbs
don't always think but people go they
think that burps are odorless it's not
true they just smell like the inside of
your own you know mouth and nose and as
a result you might be tempted to think
that they don't smell but really they
just smell like your own breath so you
know it said it's odorous to other
people
but a burp is sometimes involuntary I
think you know you can get gas in the
diaphragm that is more painful or
discomforting than gas in your colon gas
and my colon gas okay this has gone on
way too far all I'm saying I'm not
trying to be gross I'm actually just
saying that I sympathize with those of
you who think those bodily functions are
gross you definitely should not
ejaculate in public unless you're in a
place that's you know meant for it
defecating in public I prefer if you
didn't please get behind closed doors we
don't want this come on as an insult
give me that at least blow these up and
that was obviously not worth the cost of
admission but okay continue moving on
kind of tempted to buy a spear in our
because we have spent a lot of money on
spirit arts or a lot of spirit arts on
that deals with the devil is what I mean
to say here but I think we're fine we
can save it and maybe get something on
the next floor instead same thing with
like you know people sometimes take it
to the extreme and they go what about
sneezing in public the thing is is
sneezing is an involuntary action most
of the time if you're forcing yourself
to sneeze somehow first off
congratulations because to be able to
create a sneeze out of nowhere is is an
excellent skill to have I actually I
have a little spot unlike the interior
of my nose if I kind of like irritate it
with a with a rolled-up tissue I can
force myself to sneeze and it feels
excellent because you know especially if
you're really stuffed up force yourself
to go on like two or three sneezes and
then clears the up pretty nicely plus it
just feels good you know I usually spend
like an hour to a day just making myself
sneeze like you're the weird one that's
obviously a lie I actually spend most of
all day making myself sneeze but it's
involuntary you know you get like less
than a couple of seconds between your
brain sending the signal that you need
to sneeze in the sneeze
we basically involuntarily coming out so
I don't begrudge anybody a sneeze
coughing I'm like 50/50 I do think
people they cost so much that it blows
my mind sometimes and I know that people
can be sick or they can be illed but
still like you never noticed it more
like Kate plays in these classical music
concerts symphonies I have heard them
called fancy new new world phrase for it
have you heard of these things a young
man by the name of Ludwig von Beethoven
in Austria started to you think there's
a joke in there somewhere you're
supposed to hold your noise until like
in between movements of a symphony and
whenever there's like a break in the
music it's like there's a symphony of
coughing that happens and I'm happy
people have been holding it but I'm like
how many times do you cop on a daily
basis maybe it's it's a you know a young
man's game talking here I occasionally
if I spend like a lot of time talking
over the course of a day
I mean it's tempting but I resent this
choice because the game is basically
being like hey would you like to
accidentally end your own run and the
answer is no we have not gotten our item
room on this floor let's go back
sometimes if I'm talking a lot for a day
I start to get like the throat feels
like it's chewed up and I get a little
of a you know a nervous tic or a cough
or something going on in there but maybe
it's just a symphony full of youtubers
which is really my own personal
nightmare when it comes to where I'm
going to be spending my time have I
evolved fully into a self-hating
youtuber no I don't think so I think
there's a lot of youtubers who uh and
and twitch streamers did by the same
token for sure that are aware of what
they do and aware that it's
entertainment but also kind of absurd
and they have a sensible opinion of
themselves but there's also a lot of
youtubers sued you know and I don't
blame them because you get famous when
you're like 20 years old you're like I
am a god if
not really like I don't think I'm a god
I'm just saying like we have met some
people not many and I mean that
sincerely I met way more like lawyers
who were super into themselves but then
I've met youtubers who are super into
themselves but definitely yeah why not
I have met some youtubers where you know
what they think they're don't stink and
I feel like if anything I'm glad that
I'm a little bit older than that maybe
the average age of a professional
youtuber at this point because I grew up
in an era where this job didn't exist as
like a viable career path even when I
was an adult and we kind of just like
accidentally created it which is cool
but if you grew up being like 15 and
then wanting to be a youtuber and then
succeeding more power to you and I mean
that sincerely but at the same time I
could see how that would be like I've
achieved all my hopes and dreams and I
expected to and that's that's what's
interesting to me I don't even know
where I'm going with this
for the most part well I all I'm saying
is that eventually when this twitch
YouTube thing ends which could be
tomorrow or you know a hundred years
from now probably closer to tomorrow but
we'll see I'm like in my head I have
like built up guilt from sleeping in so
much that I'm like I gotta work as like
a like a coal miner for a little while
or something I'm not saying that's a bad
job necessarily I'm just saying because
some of you might be listening to this
on your on your phone while you're
working in a coal mine probably not
being a miner that's not really my
demographic but you know you could work
in the administer to take that cool
elevator down every day with the
headlamp that would be like if I worked
ite at a coal mine I'd still be like
just give me a headlamp and let me take
the elevator with the real men like once
every couple of weeks please Austin last
gray wolf is now playing Garry's Mod
it's like the start of a new era I know
Austin streams roughly like around the
time that I start recording most days
this is a great room by the way
it's always enter the gungeon or play
around on battlegrounds and I'm totally
okay with that I like Washington play
both to see Garry's Mod here it's a
surprise but a welcome one something
something Darth Sidious don't tell me I
pronounced it wrong I saw all three of
those movies and theaters okay and even
as the 13 year old may or may not have
had a thing for Natalie Portman
definitely did but who didn't first even
then though I was like back of the
clones pretty bad it's not a great movie
at all I thought I hit Q there there we
go
so the only thing I'm disappointed about
on this run right now you don't
understand dude okay she don't
understand what it was like to start
puberty around the time that Natalie
Portman was in Star Wars Episode two
attack of the clones it was a golden age
too much information
scram pokey go I didn't actually mean to
grab the spirit heart but that's okay
temperance similarly I just don't care
about but the only thing that
disappoints me on this run is that we
got too big too fast and now we're in
this situation
I freaking in a teleport card we can
make something happen with temperance
here but first we need that teleport
card so this this one makes you small
trying to take too many of those but it
doesn't matter too much nothing
we got too big too fast on this run we
have seven damage by the time we left
the first floor so now we're five floors
later I've got ten damage and I'm like
well this runs really slowed down well
have you considered using book of Belial
and the item that's been in the game for
ten years and you should really know at
this point how to use this item and to
use this item every few rooms because I
mean why are you not using it doesn't
make sense for you to not you see it
look I didn't come to YouTube to get
back seated alright there's one thing
you know about Northern Line is that he
hates getting advice in the comments
when as advice in the comments ever
helped me well what about that time in a
Kerbal space program where you tried to
launch an airplane without having any
wheels you just use Stoke except for
that time and 1/2 tooth 1/2 mm other
times I encourage you I dare you to come
up with an example when the audience
feedback has ever helped me ok boss rush
attempts this might not be a bad time to
fight Krampus yeah it's perfect actually
so get lump of coal hopefully works well
with tiny planet keep your keep your
spirit hearts as high as possible I
don't want Krampus head I will say it's
got to be a pretty good item to make me
want to grab it here scabies is ok
varicose veins is okay but the rest of
them it's just not worth it like boss
rush if we don't have a teleport card
and we're not killing waves like nearly
instantly and it's not a daily which I
should do some more up here maybe in the
future but I ain't interested too much
of an ask for not that much value
just a grape sound right said nobody
ever this run doesn't need anything and
from a commentary standpoint it puts me
in a weird spot because I just got to
keep going off on this weird tangent
about how I don't respect other people
who do my job or alternatively you know
bodily functions that gross a lot of no
okay we did it I just don't wanna have
to do that room again bodily functions
that gross a lot of people out so it
puts me in a weird situation you know no
gappi items or really anything of value
here whatsoever I'm gonna get hit oh
well no it was worth because we got a
spear at hard not even a joke I'll take
the spirit hard you never know when
that's going to come in handy this might
be another candidate for a hush run and
maybe a chance to redeem myself after
the terrible decision I made in the hush
fight you know one or two episodes ago I
can't remember at this point the one
where I accidentally I tried to do like
an amazing dark Judas play but instead
cost myself like you know eight Spirit
arts or something I don't know let's
move along here I can't believe I didn't
get hit there I for impact like five
times you gonna make me reroll a good
run you're gonna make me reroll a good
run you know what I respect it we've got
epic a crellick you got 46 damage we no
longer have stompy 46 damage of course
is 46 damage in homing if attack is very
very good our HP is also fine this is
the rare re-roll that's actually like oh
no we're occasionally shooting out of
the back of ourselves
still with the relic once every four
rooms this isn't a big deal
it's one of the rare rerolls that's just
like really good in every conceivable
category I think which is again kind of
like I'm looking for the same first run
of the day I always like to start a
little slow first video of the day
really I always like to start a little
slow and then you know ease into it but
really by like 30 minutes in which we
basically are at this point I'm I'm down
for some Zane I'm not afraid of the same
I'm warmed up I'm eager ready to go high
eager I'm dad don't ever say that to me
okay I don't respect that dad joke as a
classic purveyor of dad jokes the high
blank I'm dad joke it renders you
excommunicate oh is that it will
incommunicado persona non-grata can
enter a boat race as they said on flight
of the conchords okay take the pill we
used to have PhD we still do what we
used to to HP is a little dangerous but
only if we end up hurting ourselves
which well be likely only if we end up
hurting ourselves which can happen
obviously and did literally just have
them with ipecac but that was just me
trying to illustrate a point of how
dangerous things could be if we stopped
paying attention
now that we've Illustrated that point
there is no need for us to make that
same mistake in the future love having
good speed and I'm not talking about a
speed stat I'm talking about have you
heard of this methamphetamines general
is going to be a Jay Leno joke in there
somewhere but I can't compose it at
runtime
yeah I heard that manufacturing a
million said amine in the Golden
Triangle of Laos very je yeah it's
called speed to cruise control speed to
cruise control thank you for the spirit
heart we do occasionally have Loki's
horn plus I think it's Loki's horn at
least Plus bookworm yeah which is I
wouldn't say necessarily causing
problems but you can see how it could
cause problems because there's not very
many safe places to stand when you're
shooting a bomb out of four parts of
your face really the only safe place to
stand is like within maybe the middle
25% of the level so we just got to try
to minimize the amount of damage we take
kind of hoping to be greed actually
although I don't know why now that I
think about it what do we get out of a
greed fight at this point but I think it
becomes almost a numbers game at this
point if we're able to minimize the
amount of damage we take in preventable
situations and then just accept that
we're going to take it in some
unpreventable situations that might tip
the scales enough for us to be able to
to win this run with relative comfort I
think either way we got a good chance to
win but
that was pretty dumb yeah I think either
way we've got a good chance to win but
to win that as comfortably as possible I
see that turret up there there's just no
means for me to grab it so I'm just
trying to stay mobile like track three
up of who's next from 1972 it did lose
our eternal heart but I'm out I think
it's clear I cannot actually fight the
hush in the situation reliably so I
think we should bounce and and save
ourselves
mmm digging on me let's go we could also
I mean even then I wasn't trying to hit
we could try to just go thank you in for
me take advantage of the fact that we
have rotten baby and 46 damaged so our
flies will crush it and we could just
shoot to miss in some situations at
least if it looks like shooting the hit
would hurt us then we could shoot to
miss actually hematemesis is really good
guaranteed at least one HP back see
that's what bothers me is that situation
right there because what can you do
don't remember what this does it's
occasional halitosis maybe suffocation
no breathing give me a brush in some
mouthwash Listerine nning duty duty duty
position
I can't every time I hear last resort
which is very rare and always
self-inflicted in the modern era I can't
hear it without hearing the mashup we
conceived of where it's Papa Roach and
box-like
viola concert Oh cut my life into pieces
this is my last resort suffocation no
breathing don't give up if I cut my arm
bringing dududududu dudududududu
dudududududududududududu
you know they always use that in like
commercials for frozen lasagna and stuff
but like deluxe frozen lasagna I'm not
talking about those you know 70 cents
per lasagna the meal I'm talking about
the like you know 250 per lasagna meal
let's go okay we should be fine I mean
it is a faster autumn you got very fast
to start with and then it just keeps
getting faster that's weird you don't
normally get a different style chest
down here these are terrible by the way
but like Brown nugget is sort of okay
wow what a just colossal waste of me to
take that what a colossal waste of a
chest floor are you kidding me with
these low keys horn shoves our luck stat
is also zero so I'm not expecting much
help and we have curse of the unknown so
really like if there was ever a time
that it seemed likely or plausible that
we could die it would be right now the
Run has been this final floor at least
has been constructed in such a way that
it should be conceivable that we would
lose which is very annoying for me it
really did take the perfect storm
starring john c reilly and george
clooney to make this happen so I think
we're at four plus one right now I'm
going to try to keep like a running
count just to use hematemesis properly
so I think we're at four plus two that
just means I mean it's not like it's a
standardized nomenclature but it means
to me that we've got four red hearts and
one all I rotated the other way and one
spirit on I think we're four plus one
keep that in mind The Rime we designed
to explain in due time let me get to
like one plus one or alternatively as
the mathematicians like to call it -
we'll probably use it just because I
want to build in some errors so I think
we're at four
know where it's six actually okay
phantasms great that we know read at
least six no I don't want moms it does I
mean it doesn't really matters but I
don't want this one I didn't sign up for
this one
wish I could disable Loki's horn get out
of here I don't want you anymore
if that's moving up then I'm moving out
at the BRIT six plus one
we're six I mean prepare Rebecca great
five prepare for some of the worst
commentary you've ever seen in an NL
episode and you're going to be like
don't worry NL I lived through nokey
meta yeah this isn't going to be no kima
it's going to be like episode 90 player
unknowns battlegrounds level you got a
laugh at yourself okay that's the thing
I have actually forgotten what our HP
was that now maybe we're like 4 plus 1 5
plus 1 somewhere in there please just
give me full HP so I never have to worry
about it well I would have loved for
that last one to have not been picked up
just so we would have known that we were
at max age people whatever let's just
stick to standard NL style now we're at
max HP standard NL style is you know let
the chips fall where they may
I love it when your deuces are wild
other songs about gambling luck be a
lady tonight what does that mean wait a
minute this is a bit that's dawned on me
as I'm saying it here every Aerosmith
song is about intercourse even you know
you know I've been crying Justin again
and you know don't want to miss a thing
all of them loving an elevator that's
the only one that's not that one's
actually just about working at an
elevator manufacturing plant because
he's loving an elevator
living it up well we'll go in down
because the stair market is heating up
in elevators you know it used to be back
in the day you know you're really rich
you buy a mansion you get your own
elevator put in it
this place you know not anymore people
are trying to be healthier these days
they might get a stair lift you know but
they're not going to get an elevator in
this modern era just doesn't make sense
wait so when Steven Tyler says I love it
when you're deuces are wild it really
sounds like is he not making the the
assumption that perhaps this is a song
about anal intercourse
I didn't bring my cell phone here
otherwise I'd look into the lyrics let
me do I don't remember the lyrics at all
it's just another when you deuces are
well yeah and something something loving
so if I en I love to look into your big
brown eyes they talk to me and seem that
you're
big brown eyes oh he's done it wake up
sheeple they talked to me and seemed to
hypnotize you say the things nobody
dares to say I'm not about to let you
fly away my lover with no jet lag we
stay up all night in my sleeping bag you
got a heart beating rhythm from the
subterranean I really love your little
girl I don't need to explain dude I'm
telling you I love you because you do
such a wild girl like a double-shot of
love and so fine what's a double-shot um
as far as I'm concerned go to Starbucks
that's a number two okay so I might be
making like a little stretch but he does
it the songs about deuces as in dropping
a deuce and it's wild so I think you
know what he's saying there and then
secondly he loves looking into her big
brown I think about it it's just like
mud on the tires that country music song
you know and with a little luck we might
just get stuck with a little mud on the
tail kay we're done thanks for watching
hope you guys enjoyed the episode if you
did click the like button I'll set a
great deal of course subscribe if you
wanna see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time